| English Version| Dutch Version|
|----------|-------------|
|**[67 words]** Dr Jair Santanna is an enthusiastic and passionate Cloud security lead (@Northwave), an assistant professor (@University of Twente) and a science communicator (2 everyone). He is a practical, data-driven and extremely curious person. He loves to spread the knowledge with the scientific community and with cybersecurity practitioners. He prepares his presentations thinking about you (the audience). Therefore, he promises to give an engaging, enthusiastic, and to-the-point presentation.| **[73 words]** Dr Jair Santanna is een enthousiast en gepassioneerd Cloud security lead bij Northwave, een assistent professor aan de Universiteit van Twente en een fanatieke wetenschaps-communicator. Hij is praktisch, data-gedreven en een bijzonder nieuwsgierig persoon. Het is zijn passie om kennis te delen met de wetenschappelijke gemeenschap en cybersecurity professionals. Bij het voorbereiden van zijn presentatie houdt hij rekening met uw interesse gebied. Derhalve belooft het een boeiende, enthousiaste en to-the-point presentatie te worden.|

<hr>
<hr>

**[296 words]** José Jair Cardoso de Santanna, ‘Jair’ for short, is an assistant professor in the faculty of electrical engineering, mathematics and computer science (EEMCS) at University of Twente (NL). In 2010, he graduated in computer engineer from Federal University of Pará (BR) and he was awarded as one of the best electrical engineer students of the year. In 2012, he received a M.Sc. degree in computer science from the Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul (BR) and the solution developed during his M.Sc. is still in use by the Brazilian National Research and Educational Network (RNP). In 2017, he received a Ph.D. from the University of Twente (NL). A number of solutions proposed in his Ph.D. thesis were deployed by network operators worldwide and some methodologies are used by the Dutch High Tech Crime Unit. During his Ph.D., he also acted as technical advisor to the Dutch National Cyber Security Center and to the Japanese Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, both on the topic of cyber security and Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks. DDoS attacks and multi-disciplinary data-driven research for cyber security are his main fields of interest. Besides his researching career, Jair has a passion for public speaking that has being clearly noted. In less than six months as assistant professor (2018), he was voted by students as one of the best lectures of the EEMCS faculty. He also won the regional and national renowned competition for the best science communicator (FameLab). On funding raising, he is the primary investigator in a project founded by SIDNfonds and another project founded by the Research and Documentation Centre, part of the Dutch ministry of Justice and Security. He recently got a Horizon2020 European project awarded (2018), which he will be one of the task leaders.
